Docs/update vault usage references (#30798)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/concepts/client-count/client-usage.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: Vault client usage
description: |-
  Learn how to discover the number of Vault clients for each namespace in Vault.
---

> # Vault client usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Monitor client usage in Vault
```
Instructional documents should make it clear what you will accomplish in the title. Since the doc focuses on enabling and reviewing metrics, "monitor" seems like the right verb.

Client calculation and sizing can be complex to compute when you have multiple

> namespaces and auth mounts. The **Vault Client Usage** dashboard on Vault UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
namespaces and auth mounts. The **Vault Client Usage** dashboard in the Vault GUI
```

1. Select **Edit configuration**.

>    ![Edit configuration](/img/ui-client-usage-config.png)

Reviewer: Alt text should be useful and informative. "Edit configuration" doesn't tell me anything about what the screenshot shows

  [documentation](/vault/docs/concepts/client-count#entity-assignment-with-acme)
  for more details.

>     ![ACME clients example](/img/ui-client-usage-acme.png)

Reviewer: "ACME clients example" is not useful alt text. Why is this screenshot useful? What does it highlight or demonstrate?

## Select a data range

For Vault Enterprise, under the **Change billing period**, select **Billing start date** to query the data for
a different billing period.

![Query](/img/ui-client-usage-period-enterprise.png)

> For Vault CE, under the **Client counting period**, select **Edit** to query the data for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Vault Community, under the **Client counting period**, select **Edit** to query the data for
```

## Filter by namespaces

Use the **Filters** to view the metrics data of a specific namespace.

> ![Filter by namespace](/img/ui-client-usage-filter.png)

Reviewer: What am I filtering by namespace?

You can export the metrics data by clicking on the **Export attribution data**
button.

> ![Metrics UI](/img/ui-client-usage-export.png)

Reviewer: What is the metrics UI? Is this a dashboard? An interactive form?
